This project uses the Flask web framework for handling requests and responses, SQLAlchemy as way to interact with a SQLite database, and Jinja2 as a templating engine for rendering dynamic HTML as only a basic UI was needed. I expanded on a few design points below.

1. **Caching**: The use of a database to avoid recomputation was required as the results of expensive function calls are saved so that if they are called again with the same parameters, the saved result can be returned instead of recalculating it. This is great for the Fibonacci solver as time complexity would be exponential otherwise.
2. **Jinja2**: The jinja2 renders templates on the server side so when the webpage loads all the content is already there, and better for search engine optimization, if this was ever made into a simple website. It's a framework that is coupled with flask thus very to use with my backend. Additionally, the server-side code can directly pass code onto the pages, and don't need to have a seperate API which would be required for any other frontend framework. Jinja2's usage is very project dependent and due to the simplistic user interface requirements, I felt this was the best choice. As, overcomplexity and unecessary features tend to create more problems than solve. I feel it's best to try to keep it all in the same system, but of course it's all based on the situation, need, and resources.
3. **String for Storage**: By using the String data type, the application can store extremely large Fibonacci numbers. This is important because Fibonacci numbers grow exponentially and users won't normally want to use a fibonacci calculator for small numbers as they are easy to compute, therefore I needed to include that capability. Using an integer or BigInteger table would limit the sequence to 100 but using a string and convert it to a number and back allows us to have a sequence much larger than that. 

To run the application, you need to make sure you have Python, Flask, and Flask_SQLAlchemy installed in your environment. Then, you can run it with `python main.py` in the command line. If you go to http://127.0.0.1:5000/ then you will see the app working. (Please make sure you activated the environment with source venv/bin/activate if in vscode.)


